Update README.md to specify MOM6 version requirements and configuration (#90)
COSIMA/regional-mom6: README.md

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/COSIMA/regional-mom6.git@061b0ef80c7cbc04de0566df329c4ea472002f7e
```
## MOM6 Configuration and Version Requirements
The package and demos were written for a coupled SIS2-MOM6 configuration, and may also work for an ocean only MOM6 run but this has not been tested. 

> The current release of this package assumes the latest source code of all components needed to run MOM6 as of January 2024. Note that GFDL's `MOM6_examples` repository uses older versions of the Flexible Modelling System (FMS), coupler, SIS2 and other components. [This repository](https://github.com/ashjbarnes/setup-mom6-nci) contains scripts for compiling MOM6, and includes a folder `src` containing submodules linked to the commits known to work with this package and its demos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current release of this package assumes the latest source code of all components needed to run MOM6 as of January 2024. The [`setup-mom6-nci`](https://github.com/ashjbarnes/setup-mom6-nci) repository contains scripts for compiling MOM6. The directory [`src`](https://github.com/ashjbarnes/setup-mom6-nci/tree/setup-mom6/src) of the above-mentioned repository lists the particular commits that were used to compile MOM6 and its submodules for this package.

Note that the commits used for MOM6 submodules (e.g., Flexible Modelling System (FMS), coupler, SIS2) are _not_ necessarily those used by the GFDL's [`MOM6_examples`](https://github.com/NOAA-GFDL/MOM6-examples) repository.
```

> The current release of this package assumes the latest source code of all components needed to run MOM6 as of January 2024. Note that GFDL's `MOM6_examples` repository uses older versions of the Flexible Modelling System (FMS), coupler, SIS2 and other components, so using the source code from here will *not* necessarily work. [This repository]( https://github.com/ashjbarnes/setup-mom6-nci) contains scripts for compiling MOM6, and includes a folder `src` containing submodules linked to the correct versions known to work with this package and its demos.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current release of this package assumes the latest source code of all components needed to run MOM6 as of January 2024. Note that GFDL's `MOM6_examples` repository uses older versions of the Flexible Modelling System (FMS), coupler, SIS2 and other components, so using the source code from here will *not* necessarily work. [This repository](https://github.com/ashjbarnes/setup-mom6-nci) contains scripts for compiling MOM6, and includes a folder `src` containing submodules linked to the correct versions known to work with this package and its demos.
```

I'm wondering: instead of writing comments like this that have the danger of getting outdated can't we just enforce dependency requirements and then everything is clear?
